# April 2 2018 Meeting

**Attendees:**
- David Dias
- João Santos
- Nuno Santos

## Agenda:
- João presented the new architecture document
- Discussion about whether we should focus on a paper or on the thesis document
- Discussion on how the project should be presented. Fake News or Distributed and Verifiable Claims?
- Time management until thesis delivery deadline, on May 11th.

## Discussions

**Architecture document presentation**
- Nuno poited out the requirements are not in accordance with the arquitecture presented. They are focused on the fake news platform and should be focused on the distributed claims platform.

**Focusing on a paper or thesis**
- David pointed that there should actually be two papers, one explaining the dclaims-core platform and another explaining the news website platform.
- João pointed that at this point the priority should be finishing the thesis document and then see what paper we can make out of it.
- The three agreed on focusing on the thesis document and then seeing what paper (or papers) can come out of it.

**Focus on Fake News or Verifiable Claims**
- Joao started by explaining the new introduction and motivation which said we were developing a Social Commentary platform for Fake News and that for that to work we had to build the DClaims-Core and then the DClaim-News browser extension.
- David thinks there should be a clear distinction between the Core and the News platform.
- Nuno pointed that the portion of the system that is dedicated to Fake News is very small. It does not really tackle fake news. It is more a distributed platform for social commentary, that can be used in a variety of scenarios, fake news being one of them. Since it does not solve Fake News the problem statement can not be solving Fake News since that would result in the problem not being solved by our platform.
- The three agreed that the problem trying to be solved is one of creating a distributed platform for verifiable claims, the DClaims platform. The Fake News platform will be presented as one usage example of the DClaims platform.

**Time management**
- Establish well defined goals and alot time for each of them. If some start falling behind drop the ones with lower priority.

## Next week's goals
- Finish architecture section. The DClaims-Core is almost done. DClaims-News has not been started yet.
- Send architecture for David and Nuno's review. In the mean time focus on related work. Start by adapting the one from the thesis proposal.


