# November 27 Meeting

**Attendees:**
- David Dias
- João Santos
- Nuno Santos

**Agenda:**
- Discuss weekly progress on the Clickbait Demo
    - File system moved to IPFS 🌟
    - Using a centralized server (☢️) to translate URLs to IPFS links
- Hypercerts Project:
    - Discussed the broader aspects of Hypercerts 
        - Hypercerts is a platform that allows for the issuing and representation of claims related to news articles.
        - It will handle the security aspects of Claims operations.
        - It will display information about news articles on the websites those articles appear.
        - It will act as a browser extension that changes the news website on the client side, dynamically. No need for news outlets to be retrofitted to work with Hypercerts
    - Pressing research topics:
        - The cost of the system, what will be the financial structure that supports it?
        - What exactly do we offer in the frontend?
        - (https://github.com/bs-detector/bs-detector))
        - Define the primitives the system offers
        - Define the structure of the claims, taxonomy and the different types of classification systems that can be built on top.
        - How can we integrate it with fake news automated detection systems? (such as [B.S Detector]
        - Should we include a reputation system?
        - Offer the right to be forgotten? It conflicts with the reputation system
            - Search for cryptographic mechanisms to do it
        - How to overcome blockchain limitations?
            1. Block confirmation time: It takes too long to confirm claims
            2. How to ensure that claims in stale blocks don't disappear 
