# March 19 Meeting

Attendees:
- Jo√£o Santos
- Nuno Santos

Agenda:
- Status report on [document]() progress
- Discussion of architecture of the document

Take-aways:
- We focused on planing the **requirements** section. Nuno pointed that in order for him to understand if the architecture section is good, the requirements need to be properly defined. We settled on the following topics for the requirements:
  - Degree of decentralization
  - Durability of claims
  - Availability of claims
  - Costs
    - Who pays for it?
    - How much does it cost?
  - How to model news articles
    - This topic has not been defined yet, it's a **pressing issue**.
  - Identity
    - What identity mechanisms will we support?
    - Support anonimate, pseudonyms, strong-authentication, k-anonymity
  - What control does the _reader_ have over the sources of claims he sees?
    - Does he choose his own social graph
    - Do we implement some mechanism to overcome social bubble (like exposing people to contrarian views)?

Week's tasks:
- [ ] Write up the requirements
- [ ] Complete the Architecture section by matching requirements to specific parts of this section
- [ ] Start discussion on how to model news articles
- [ ] Start discussion on Identity
    
