# April 23 Meeting

**Attendees:**

- David Dias
- Nuno Santos
- João Santos

**Agenda:**

- Status of the document
- Discussion of evaluation
- Setting up the document review process


**Take-Aways:**

- David pointed out that the contribution of the work was not very concrete. João tried to summarise the contribution as a blockchain based architecture that is both cost effective and scalable.
- Status of the document
	- The Introduction, Related Work and Architecture sections are mostly done.
	-  In the next week Joao will be focusing on cost and scalability tests, to support the claim that the system is scalable
-  Review mechanism:
	- Create a place to keep the most recent version of the document to be reviewed.  
	- Next deadline: April 24 - Send Introduction to be reviewed by David. [will be here](https://github.com/inesc-id/dclaims-pm/tree/master/thesis-review)
- (after the call ended) Nuno and Joao defined the way the introduction should be structured:
	- start by a strong problem statement:
		- People access most of their information via web browsers. This includes news websites and government websites 
		- the information from news outlets may not credible and is often used as motivation for actions that have huge world impact. Example: Iraq invasion because of WMD's // Syria bombing because of alleged chemical attack
		- Wiki-leaks is the confirmation that governments withhold important information
		- Twitter, Google and Facebook transparency reports show that governments censor information by demanding certain posts to be taken down.
	- Point out some alternatives that won't work:
		- Fact-checking organizations are a point of centralization and are not scalable
		- Social networks are vulnerable to government pressure.
	- Say that what is necessary is a system that allows for accessing credible information directly in the browser. In a way that can not be censored. This is what our platform does. It is backed by three technologies:
		- Web Annotations: explain what it is and why it solves the UI and feature set
		- Ethereum: explain what it is and why it solves event ordering and information freshness
		- IPFS: explain what it is and how it solves data integrity and data permanence
	- Say that the system consists on several actors: Issuers who make claims that are received and viewed by verifiers.
		- Explain that there are inherent scalability and cost issues when using blockchain and that we solve them by introducing some new features to blockchain architecture
